here we are in 2025 the question you got
to be asking yourself is what will
happen to me the individual are prices
going to continue to rise is inflation
going to get out of control and of
course what's Jerome pow going to do
with interest rates you came here for
the truth so let me unveil that for you
today's video will be jam-packed I'm
going to show you the details and the
data that you need to know to make the
best decisions with your retirement
account with your stock portfolio your
real estate should I buy should I rent
all of that here today the information
needs to be unveiled like layers of an
onion okay so stick with me I'm going to
move through it as quick as I possibly
can my name is David quinti I've been
doing this since
2011 I am here with the red lights on
because it's late at night so that you
can understand things so simply you
don't have to look into all the details
I'll bring it to you sources in the
description you got this first thing
credit card charge offs and
delinquencies hit A3 13year High 13-year
High I've shown this in you know
different ways I've been looking at it
and we can see that this has gone up the
subprime borrowers in particular are
struggling is it a surprise absolutely
not because we have seen this coming of
course if you're going to increase
interest rates you're going to be
dealing with this this isn't for
depending on where you look if you're
looking at prime or subprime if you're
looking at certain things that's getting
real bad others are sort of model modate
so we are not back in the 2008 financial
crisis time frame for some elements for
example Prime borrowers on um you know
mortgages that's not the case that isn't
the case but we need to understand where
we are headed where are the trends Us
credit card defaults jump to the highest
level since 2010 people are in fact
tapped out and what does this mean to
you you say Hey you know this has
nothing to do with me I'm paying my
bills I'm fine no let me let me break it
down here because you got understand how
this unravels from the Ft the great
wealth transfer a 20-year us study found
that 70% of wealthy families lost their
wealth by the second generation and 90%
by the third what does that mean about
this wealth if you've accumulated some
you made money in the stock market you
made money in
cryptocurrencies don't expect that what
you've had in the past will continue
into the future I will show you what has
happened happened in the stock market
and the expectations of 2025 you see
things have looked real wacky over the
last little while and I want to break
that down for you many people are
heavily burdened in this case Wall
Street Journal insurance and taxes now
cost more than mortgages for many
homeowners so there are burdens
everywhere we turn and it's getting much
more difficult to be able to pass
anything down because of infl because of
price increases because of Health
difficulties that people have so we need
to take action and we'll talk about that
in a minute fed's daily uh kogler stress
the inflation fight has not been won you
can read some of those quotes if you are
interested links are in the description
and I'm just going to highlight the fact
that hey job's not done we're not at 2%
yet we still want to get there what does
that mean Cuts will be less than what
the market had hoped I still think that
there will be Cuts but what did we get
the last time around there was less than
what the market wanted there was
0.25% versus 0.5% that's a big deal
because it signals slower on that
progress and the markets didn't want
that investors didn't want that but the
United States dollar has been strong as
a result other countries are going
faster Canada's going faster they're
weakening their currency in the case of
the United States very different story
what will you do as a result of this
information what actions will you take
if you believe interest rates will
remain a little bit higher than what you
anticipated start to think of that as we
move through the rest of this video you
got to understand as time goes on you
know there are changes that are going to
happen the stock market has been doing
exceptionally well 2024 it bet all of
the analysts expectations and is this
just shows us that average returns are
normal normal returns are extreme isn't
that interesting the way things go we
have this swinging back and forth like a
pendulum stocks are positive 73% of the
time and this is why I tell people all
the time despite you know there's a
individuals in the comments that will
inevitably come up please put your
comments in to support the
channel you you see this don't bet
against the market unless it's very
obvious like what was happening when the
whole world was locking down in 2020 and
I was yelling and screaming for people
to say look how easy and obvious this is
people okay 73% of the time you don't
want to be betting against that unless
you have an edge you understand that
doesn't mean you go all in that doesn't
mean you put everything on that it means
that you have to be strategic about it
okay in the long term it's just showing
you here it is worth noting that these
periods of well above average returns
were followed by well below average
returns so always be careful it's a
pendulum and you've got to be careful
that you're not oh I'm going to get in
at the top and you're buying fart coin
and that thing's going to zero just be
careful right now by the way everyone's
getting rich on fcoin uh so maybe you
want to get it on that no I'm just
kidding Global manufacturing pm I output
index has contracted this is one of the
very few statistics very few actually
that have you know we're talking
mainstream statistics that has shown a
contraction in most cases actually all
of the information is showing the United
States is doing very
well when we start to spread out we look
outward okay then we can look at the
manufacturing indexes then we could look
at uh Global exports and imports and all
these different things
um permits every everything else and
when I look at the United States the
picture is much more Rosy than the globe
as a whole if you start to exclude the
us from the equation it gets real ugly
because it's not there lifting
everything up so be mindful of that as
well there's a real economy though if
you know you're seeing who's importing
who's exporting who's got the money
right who's got the money and who's
who's doing all these things in the case
of manufacturing PMI you could break
that down actually by country looking at
this India and Philippines doing real
well especially India they're they're
really accelerating their manufacturing
and who's at the bottom of that list
let's be honest it's Europe right okay
as a result of everything that's
happening today people are taking action
they're buying gold they are buying gold
and then you've got Emerging Market uh
countries they're buying a lot of gold
too right so for you the individual what
do you need to know US dollar is getting
stronger you could see that it's
increasing people are buying gold they
are buying real assets they are buying
guess what farmland farmland that's
right what am I doing I am trying to
preserve wealth I am trying to expand
globally I sell products to multiple
countries multiple continents now and
I'm doing so on multiple online
platforms I'm doing this so I could
diversify geographically and currency
diversification there's nobody that's
that I know anyway that's diversifying
as much as I am in the way that I am uh
all different types of things but this
is more most recent why am I doing this
how am I doing this all things that I've
talked about before if you want free
information go to the money GPS and the
the YouTube channel scroll down and then
you see the playlist all about Amazon
it's all free stuff in there if you want
um that's what I do Amazon is one of
those platforms Tik Tok shop and other
platform Walmart another platform I mean
there's so many uh that you should be
looking at why because I want that
diversification and I see that the world
is changing if I'm going to invest I'm
looking very strongly at the United
States which sectors are poised to do
real well and back in 2020 I was yelling
and screaming about uranium I was
talking about Lumber we saw what
happened with those at that time I can't
give like buy and sell signals okay all
the time uh with my uh live group I I do
give much more about that it but but
that's not what this is right there's
other YouTubers that do that and there's
companies that you pay for those
services and so on but I want you to
know that you as an individual need to
think about things for yourself and
understand how am I going to you know
make ends meet how am I going to do
things um you know at at a much deeper
level because if you're just working at
9 to 5 and you're like hey I hope
everything works out for me you know
you're going to be punished because what
I'm telling you before these individuals
they can't even afford their home not
even because of the mortgage it's the
insurance it's all those other costs so
you have to start thinking outside the
box what are you doing let me know you
can let me know you want to get in free
on the finance live class you could talk
to me directly this is sponsored by one
of the individuals inside of the finance
Friday and because of that I am um B
basically you know getting you in here
just click that link in in the
description get do the giveaway okay I
do this every week every time I make a
video anyway and right now for this one
I want you to get in this and you
hopefully you will win and then I can
see you directly and everybody that gets
in especially in the last let's say year
or six months it's just been improving
along the way I can help you you give me
information I help you I Mentor people
in in private I do so in in a more you
know semi-private situation I want to
help you I want to see that change I am
you know doing things that's very
different from a lot of other
individuals out there I get that but you
got to do what you can as an individual
start a
business uh invest properly have some
diversification get into the things
where you see the wave when you see that
wave coming in you can ride that wave
that doesn't mean that you follow the
trend on everybody else that means okay
clearly we're not doing horse and buggy
anymore I don't want to invest in horse
and buggy I'm going this direction okay
like like there's obvious big big trends
that we want to be in on okay there's
certain countries that is not looking
very good and then suddenly for instance
you might see a very big Trend change in
another particular country saying hey I
like what they're doing over there and
then you start say okay well if that
country is going to do better maybe
they're going to do more export hm let
me check out which companies they're you
know they have in that country let me
and you start doing that investigation
and you could get in uh at a lower level
these are these are basic things if you
want more specifics I'm always open you
know to let everybody know but I mean
just look at my playlist on the channel
there's so much stuff where I get into
the basics you could also go to the
money gps.com
compass or just the money gps.com go
there and get Compass that's the basics
right there all for free no email no pay
wall no nothing okay while the website's
still operational I'm surprised they
said they were going to shut it down on
me because uh they went out of business
but anyway uh the hosting company if you
want to be able to get into the live
sessions for the business you just want
to email me whatever it's the money
gps.com
slive you go in there you can watch this
video that I got up and then you could
go down to the bottom and you can
basically message me if you want message
me get some information people do it all
the time and you're like hey I'm just
interested what what can you do what can
I do what need some help let me know
okay always willing to to help anybody
who's willing to learn all right so with
that I want you to get on the giveaway
don't say h you know what what it's free
for you you know you can get in on one
session for free so why not okay get on
and if you just want to join up and you
want to build a business you want to
build an online business you want to
learn how to diversify your your
currency and all that get in come on the
money gps.com I'll see you there and of
course hit that thumbs up button to
support the channel take care red lights
on before bed all right see you